 
 these notes are for me to help remember what is considered important in the class.
 If you are looking over this as a grader and for some reason it is not ok for me to have this for personal use,
 please notify me and I will delete it.

 Question 1
 What is the primary goal of abstraction in programming?
  To simplify a component by removing the implementation details.
  this seems a bit weird, but it is entirely true. For each assignment I have been given an outline with none of the code.
  It has been quite helpful to use this principle.

 
Question 2
In object-oriented programming, abstraction is typically achieved using:
  Classes
  a class essentially is a separate file that does a specific thing.
 
Question 3
What is the relationship between a class and an instance?
  Classes are like templates. Instances are the actual objects created in memory, using that template.
  This will be helpful to remember as I have found this very confusing. It is a lot like the tool part molds
  from tinkers construct. I create a mold, and then that can be used to create multiple of the same piece, but it can'talk
  be used to make other pieces.
 
Question 4
Objects can contain other objects as member variables.
  True. 
  I am fairly certain I have had to do this in most assignments, however nothing specific comes to mind.
 
Question 5
What is a method?
  A member function of a class. 
  For my little brain, it is simply a function.
 
Question 6
What is encapsulation in object-oriented programming?
  The technique of hiding the internal implementation details and protecting the data.
  I don't really have any notes to add on this one.
 
Question 7
When we talk about information hiding in a program, who are we hiding it from?
  Other parts of the program.
  Although there are many technical answers, this is the best one. I don't really know why though.
  I think it is because if they are hidden from the same program, it is more difficult for people to
  access it in general.
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
Methods can call other methods.
  True
  remember, methods are just functions, and functions can call functions.
 
Question 9
Why might blindly creating getters and setters be a bad idea?
  Because they are exposing the way the data is stored internally, reducing the benefits of information hiding.
  If you are gonna go through the effort of hiding what you have going on internally, direct references and access to such
  things is kind of the big stupid.
 
Question 10
In C#, if you do not define any constructors what happens?
  It will create a default, no-argument constructor for you.
  this is true. however, if you have argument constructors and still need a non argument constructor, you have to make one.
